LEAD-103: Making Jira API operations compatible with service accounts (#514)
Lombiq/GitHub-Actions: Docs/Workflows/Productivity/CreateJiraIssuesForCommunityActivities.md

## Prerequisites

> 1. Create a [service account](https://support.atlassian.com/user-management/docs/understand-service-accounts/). Ensure this account has the permissions required to create and edit issues in the target Jira project(s), which, if you're using the default Jira configuration, requires the Developers role. Then, and add an [API token](https://support.atlassian.com/user-management/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-service-accounts/) to it. When creating the token, select the `read:jira-work` and `write:jira-work` scopes (these are classic scopes, since granular ones won't work with basic auth, what this workflow uses). We recommend creating a separate service account for each use case. Alternatively, you can create a [Jira API token](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/) under a standard user account too, but we don't recommend this. Note that such tokens have the same access as the user account they were created for, and their scope can't be restricted ([nor can there be single-use Jira guest users](https://jira.atlassian.com/browse/JRACLOUD-74242)).
> 2. Set up organization or repository secrets for the `JIRA_*` parameters ([see docs](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/managing-development-environment-secrets-for-your-repository-or-organization)). We recommend using the `DEFAULT_*` prefix for organization-level secrets to establish defaults that can be overridden on a per-repository basis. For repository-specific secrets, omit this prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend creating a separate service account (see the steps below) for each use case. Alternatively, you can create a [Jira API token](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/) under a standard user account too, but we don't recommend this. Note that such tokens have the same access as the user account they were created for, and their scope can't be restricted ([nor can there be single-use Jira guest users](https://jira.atlassian.com/browse/JRACLOUD-74242)).

1. Create a [service account](https://support.atlassian.com/user-management/docs/understand-service-accounts/). Ensure this account has the permissions required to create and edit issues in the target Jira project(s), which, if you're using the default Jira configuration, requires the Developers role.
2. Add an [API token](https://support.atlassian.com/user-management/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-service-accounts/) to it and select the `read:jira-work` and `write:jira-work` scopes (these are classic scopes, since granular ones won't work with basic auth, what this workflow uses).
3. Set up organization or repository secrets for the `JIRA_*` parameters ([see docs](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/managing-development-environment-secrets-for-your-repository-or-organization)). We recommend using the `DEFAULT_*` prefix for organization-level secrets to establish defaults that can be overridden on a per-repository basis. For repository-specific secrets, omit this prefix.
```

    - `DEFAULT_JIRA_BASE_URL`: The URL of your Jira (Atlassian) instance. If you use a service account, this should be in the form of `https://api.atlassian.com/ex/jira/<your Cloud ID>` where the Cloud ID you can find following the instructions [in the official docs](https://support.atlassian.com/jira/kb/retrieve-my-atlassian-sites-cloud-id/) (we recommend getting it from `https://<my-site-name>.atlassian.net/_edge/tenant_info` as that's correct for sure). If you use a user account, it's in the `https://<yourdomain>.atlassian.net` pattern (e.g. `https://lombiq.atlassian.net`), or your custom domain.
    - `DEFAULT_JIRA_USER_EMAIL`: The e-mail address of the service or user account (note that for service accounts the e-mail address is auto-generated by Atlassian).
    - `DEFAULT_JIRA_API_TOKEN`: The API token of the user account.

> 3. Set up organization or repository secrets for the issue templates, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set up organization or repository secrets for the issue templates, see below.
```
